High in this video we're going to take a very quick look at the semantics the definitions of arguments
and parameters.
So first of all it really is just semantics.
Suppose we have this function here called my funk and so we're creating it here.
Def my funk and we have a and b so we're going to receive two values a and b and then we have the code
of our function in there that's going to be something in this context A and B are called the parameters
of my funk.
So when we define a function then those things in here in parentheses we call parameters.
Now one thing that's important to note is that A and B are nothing more than just variable names and
they're local to my funk.
Now when we call the function let's say we do this we said X equal to 10 y equal to the string A and
then we call my funk and we pass those two values x and y then in this context X and Y are called the
arguments of my Fonk.
So basically when you call the function the values that you put in parentheses are called arguments
and when you're defining the function that things that you have in parentheses are called parameters.
What's more important to note is that x and y are passed by reference.
In other words the memory addresses of x and y are passed to my funk and so my phunk receives the memory
address of X and it's going to store it in a it's going to receive the memory address of y and it's
going to store it in B.
So this is just semantics if you mix up the terms parameters and arguments.
It doesn't matter.
Everyone will understand what you mean.
And in fact some people don't even try and differentiate between parameters and arguments.
They will call everything parameters.
Or maybe they'll call everything arguments or they'll mix them up you know and get the wrong terminology.
But it really doesn't matter.
What's more important is what we mentioned.
You know we've seen this before I just mentioned it again but I'm going to mention that one more time
if we have this piece of code sitting in some module right.
X equals 10 y calls in my phunk.
Then we also have this function that we have defined I could be in the same module that's fine or could
be in a different model.
So we have the module scope in the module scope we have two variables x and y.
What are those variables.
They are memory addresses.
They are aliases for the memory address specifically that the are is whatever it is that contains this
integer 10.
So X is a pointer or a reference to this object.
And why Similarly as a reference to some other object in memory that contains the string a.
So when we pass x and y as arguments to my func that my func receives the memory addresses it receives
the references.
And so in the function scope we have this variable that we named a.
And what gets assigned to it is what was passed in the argument.
Neither was the reference of that x is.
So now with a is also a reference to the same object it's a pointer to the same memory address because
it's the same memory address.
And similarly with B.
B is in the function scope.
It's a variable name that we've defined inside the function essentially.
But it points to the same thing as well that why was pointing to.
Right so that's that's kind of really important.
I know we've seen it before.
I just want to reemphasize it again.
All right.
So that's it.
That's just that's it for the semantics.
And then just a little bit of extra here.
Hard to remember.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.